README.md, before:

## MakersBnB

A web application that allows users to list spaces they have available, and to hire spaces for the night.

## Team TAARK
- Anna Holland-Smith
- Kasia Puwalowska
- Tim Chipperfield
- Alistair Wye
- Riya Pabari

### Specifications

Specifications can be found here: https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/lab_week/makers_bnb_specification.md

### User Stories

```
As a user
So that I can list a new space
I would like to sign up
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I can hire out my space
I would like to list a space
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I can hire out more than one space
I would like to list multiple spaces
```
```
As a signed up user with spaces listed
So that I increase the chance of hiring out my spaces
I would like to give information about the spaces I list (name, description & price per night)
```
```
As a signed up user with spaces listed
So that I can hire out my space by date
I would like to offer a range of dates where my spaces are available
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I can hire a space
I would like to request to hire any space for one night
```
```
As a signed up user with spaces listed
So that I can hire out my space to a user that I approve of
I would like to approve a request to hire out my space
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I do not book a space that is already booked
I can only book spaces that are available
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I can see all available spaces
I can still book spaces that have an unapproved booking request
```

#Additional tests to be added
```
Ensures that the user is redirected to a different page after signing up
Ensures user is greeted by their email address
```

Commit message:

1 - basic functionality for sign-up completed

README.md, after:

## MakersBnB

A web application that allows users to list spaces they have available, and to hire spaces for the night.

## Team TAARK
- Anna Holland-Smith
- Kasia Puwalowska
- Tim Chipperfield
- Alistair Wye
- Riya Pabari

### Specifications

Specifications can be found here: https://github.com/makersacademy/course/blob/master/lab_week/makers_bnb_specification.md

### User Stories

```
As a user
So that I can list a new space
I would like to sign up
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I can hire out my space
I would like to list a space
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I can hire out more than one space
I would like to list multiple spaces
```
```
As a signed up user with spaces listed
So that I increase the chance of hiring out my spaces
I would like to give information about the spaces I list (name, description & price per night)
```
```
As a signed up user with spaces listed
So that I can hire out my space by date
I would like to offer a range of dates where my spaces are available
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I can hire a space
I would like to request to hire any space for one night
```
```
As a signed up user with spaces listed
So that I can hire out my space to a user that I approve of
I would like to approve a request to hire out my space
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I do not book a space that is already booked
I can only book spaces that are available
```
```
As a signed up user
So that I can see all available spaces
I can still book spaces that have an unapproved booking request
```

#Additional tests to be added
```
Ensures that the user is redirected to a different page after signing up
Ensures user is greeted by their email address
Ensures that sign up can only be completed with matching passwords (using flash)
```
